[Music]
the experiment
2010 explained the story of the movie
experiment starts with two elephants
images with the written statement
natural selection then the attack of
some insects on one another is shown
including aquatic and terrestrial
animals
then the animal-like assault of human
beings as bloodshed and violence is
shown on the other human beings
then a character named travis comes on
the scene
he is an anti-war protester next scene
starts in the public where the public is
slogging
and the banners of written statements as
no more coffins
and peace are caught travis is also
in the procession and talking with a man
the court banner of travis has a written
phrase on it as bring him home
meanwhile a girl is pushed by someone
who is there and she is fallen down
travis is got angry noticing it and he
starts punching to that man
and police cover the mata coming there
that girl asks travis
are you all right afterward they are
befriended
conversation begins as she tells him she
is going to india
in the next scene travis is reading a
newspaper sitting in his room
he sees an advertisement where some
subjects are required for behavioral
experiment
its duration is two weeks and there is a
need of staff
the salary is one thousand dollars per
day
travis goes for interview and encounters
a man named barris who sits next to him
travis calls him smart man while looking
at him
and that smart man says to him we are
strangers
a primary scientist arranges a meeting
with the candidates after a time
he says we are going to conduct a
behavioral experiment
for it we need to arrange a short series
test for it
he wants to clear before it as these
things will be provided to you in the
secure environment
it will be an actual experiment some of
the subjects will be deprived of their
civil rights
then he says let's start the test
different questions are posed on travis
and the other members
as a word violence is uttered before
travis
and he says no afterwards the word
religion is uttered before him
he again says no scientist says on it
it is a broad area the more questions
are also asked from barris and travis in
the same way
and travis is seated in a place where a
screen is fixed which plays the scenes
of violence
after that spending time with her friend
travis again reaches the same place
he also meets paris there he says to him
after meeting
nice to meet you mostly people among
them are anxious and jobless
and they agree with it the primary
scientist tells them
there are experiments in coming two
weeks for all of you
he more says i will take back civil
rights from all of you
you have a last chance if you want to
quit
then the complete staff not looking at
one another
then leader says good he says
your safety will be the first priority
of yours
the experiment will be terminated if any
violence on your part occurs
then leader calls attendance of everyone
and the mentioned person is stood
making other group while sitting people
re-asked to follow another cue
in the same way scientist leaves saying
good luck gentlemen
varys team is instructed barra's team is
of guards while travers team is of
prisoners
travers team is told there are five
crucial rules for the prisoners
they are informed about the rules as
prisoners are only limited to the
designated area
then it is told they will be served
three times food and they are
responsible to clean their plates after
eating
the time duration of 30 minutes will be
for their recreation in which they can
take break
otherwise more rules are also told with
a warning
as that candidate will be punished if he
breaks any rule
it is also told this experiment is not
only relevant with individual
it will be imposed on the whole group in
case of breaking the rule by an
individual
red light will be switched on if
disciplinary action is not taken within
30 minutes against the group members
and experiment will be terminated then
scientist
says now i will see you after two weeks
then a group member of barris says put
on the clothes according to your
allocated numbers
and the given cell assignment will be
stuck with their cells
then everyone moves to his allocated
cell
travis observes the fixed cameras there
travers prisoner mates are nixon benji
in the next time recreational time of
playing basketball arrives
now prisoners are playing basketball a
prisoner hits the basketball to the
guard while playing it
guard's lips start bleeding because of
the hit of basketball
but guard can not react according to the
rules
he says to him we can take the
disciplinary action within 30 minutes
his fellows refuse to take action when
he talks with them
then guards group member punishes the
prisoner who has hit the guard saying to
have 10 push-ups
all prisoners are also asked to do the
same all have 10
push-ups guard's room has the camera's
screens which makes the possibility to
keep an eye on the activities of the
prisoners
otherwise prisoners are served food by
the guards because it is the second day
now
a food item is not liked by one prisoner
but the food plate's cleanliness is
necessary according to the rule
travis does also not clean the plates
with some of his prisoners
he turns his plate down on the hand of
guard when he forces him
he says look i have cleaned the plate
guard leader says loudly they will have
to exercise more push-ups
a prisoner throws a food item on the
face of guard
and he says look i have exercised
push-up
then the same guard throws food on them
as a result
all prisoners begin to throw all things
on them
and guards flee from there and prisoners
shout
it is our home they are excited in the
next scene
all guards are talking about the rules
afterward varys plans that we will have
to humiliate all prisoners because they
acted as such
he sprays the fire extinguisher in the
cell of prisoners after saying it
then barris locks travis with the
prisoner's door using handcuffs in order
to take revenge from him
varys says to travis on his said words
shut up
then he says it loudly such incidents
should not be happened again after
explaining it
all then he says loudly everyone has got
it
all reply yes sir then going in front of
the mirror
barry's smiles on the other side
travis is upset and in angry mood he
hears his prisoner mate's voice
he says my blood sugar has dropped too
low
guards ask him to keep quiet when he
tells his problem to them
varys addresses all prisoners on the
third day of trial
he says now 11 days have remained
we should act as such as everyone may
return to his home happily
then he asks where is the poisoner
number 61
going inside with the other guard barris
finds the prisoner in ailment
his mane is benji who is lied down on
his bed
varys asks him to stand up but travis
reveals about his ailment favoring him
but god does not convince and says rules
are rules
travis says experiment will be
terminated in case of harming one
another
then guard orders go back to your cells
again
and all prisoners are locked now being
locked in prisoner
worried travis begins to imagine his
friend
and he also talks with his prisoner mate
on the other side
guards are talking as experiment will be
over if someone is hurt and will also
not be paid
so it is better to resolve it using
another technique
in the same way varys thinks of a second
plan as he frees travis from the cell at
night time in order to take revenge from
him
then he makes him bound with a chair
taking him to a place
after that he shaves his head with
shaving machine while taking revenge
from him
travis is fallen away when he hits his
chair forcefully
travis is dishonored too much he remains
silent coming into his cell when he is
asked about this happening
benji is neither treated even nor served
food who was ill because he was unable
to leave his bed
hiding a bread stealthily travis serves
him to eat after coming there
one member of god comes for the help of
travis at night who was unable to face
injustice
travis requests him to bring syringe and
insulin from benji's bag
he will award him cash if he wants but
that guard rejects this offer
he goes to that room stealthily where
the bags are placed
after searching benji's bag he comes out
taking insulin and syringe
contrarily barris reaches to that guard
immediately who is helping travis after
watching everything through cameras
he discovers everything from him while
threatening him who asked you to do it
and he reveals everything travis himself
goes to the cell taking insulin and
syringe and puts on benji's bed
he stares at travis travis is brought to
paris leader in the next scene
then travis is ordered to clean toilet
because of his violation
travis rejects it then travis is forced
to say
i am a prisoner travis does not follow
it and says
go to hell travis face is dipped into
the toilet as a punishment
and toilet is flushed in spite of this
mistreatment
travis says to paris go to hell at the
end
travis accepts his defeat and says i am
a prisoner
in the next scene travis is shown crying
and in helpless condition
everything is being captured by the
camera on the opposite side
barris wakes that guard at night who has
tried to help travis
taking him in another room he is being
put under the cruelty
this guard is brought before prisoner on
the fifth day
his face is wounded and blood-stained
when his face is uncovered
varys names him poisoner number 76
travis is hearing everything and throws
his shirt on the ground after taking it
off
and imitating travis all prisoners throw
their shirts down
after a while travis moves towards
camera and falls down
varys violates showing his brutality
while benji hits him losing his control
turning back barris hits benji
consequently
benji begins afflicting falling down and
also wounded
now benji is motionless lying on the
ground
travis is locked into an isolated iron
box which has a fixed camera inside it
now guards are confused while barris
continues to show his brutality
he says no one will know about it
on the sixth day travis continues his
laughter locked in the iron box
he also pretends to others as he is in
normal condition
he does not lose his hope and finally
gets success to open the iron box using
his bracelet and he is freed
he also frees the other prisoners coming
outside and continues his efforts to
attack the guards
a prisoner hands travis over an iron
stick after his arrival to attack the
other guards
guards are frightened seeing the cameras
scream because they come to know as
prisoners are freed now
one of the guards asks what should we do
holding a stick
barris says we should be ready all
prisoners are beating the glass door
violently
afterward the door is opened all guards
escape
saving their lives while barris is after
them prisoners are running after them
madly as they will
take their lives the shutter is not open
to move outside by the guards
meanwhile the prisoners attack them
varys stabs travis but he holds a knife
while barris loses his hand grip in fear
after it
barris violently beats travis and other
prisoners are attacking on other guards
at the same time red light is switched
on
it means that experiment has been
terminated according to the rule
now the site of outside is visible as
the building door is unlocked
chirping of birds is heard and bright
daylight is visible after many days
all begin to walk in wounded condition
and sit on the ground dejectedly
then the same bus arrives which had
dropped them here
all get seats there wearing the dresses
seated barris in the bus had a cash
check in his hand of fourteen thousand
dollars but barris is upset
he looks at travis all have been the
participants of experiments so are paid
media also telecasts the news that it
was psychological testing
and all experiments have been testified
now travis moves to india sitting near a
lake
travis is observing a woman who cleans
her child's face with water
after sometimes trevor's friend comes at
the backside
he smiles peacefully and both are united
thanks for watching like comment and
subscribe don't forget to hit the bell
icon